chore(release): pre-release-1.1.4 (#158)
emqx/emqx-operator: RELEASE.md

### Features 🌈

> - Support DNS Cluster for emqx-4.4.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For EMQX 4.4, a DNS cluster is used by default, no additional serviceAccount needs to be created, EMQX 4.3 still uses the k8s APIServer cluster
```

> - Add `TerminationGracePeriodSeconds` for emqx container to shutdown gracefully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The EMQX container can now be terminated more gracefully
   - Add `TerminationGracePeriodSeconds`
   - Add preStop command
```

  

### Fixes 🛠

- Fix telegraf container run failed occasionally

> - Fix acl plugin not work in emqx enterprise modules

Reviewer: acl -> ACL, ACL means "access controller list"

> - Fix acl plugin not work in emqx enterprise modules

Reviewer: ACL does not plugin for emqx, this is a feature

Author: Got it

- Fix can not use latest tag for emqx image

### Notes 📗

> - **Set unserved version for v1beta1 api version**

Reviewer: Now we no longer support the creation of new v1beta1 resources, but existing v1beta1 resources are not affected

Reviewer: Perhaps this should be in the second line, in order to make it prominent enough
